alex collins CO is here and i brought
new challenge 240g photographers this
time based on your feedback on 40g
facebook group by the way if you not a
member of that group i really suggest
you to get in there a lots of useful
information it's just closed group
anyone can join so based on our
discussion will be shooting wide subject
on a white background right from the
camera ok it's cool challenge it's super
easy when you know how to do it and it
may be super hard if you couldn't get it
and we have some tutorials already on
studio basics however I know that you
might have many questions and I want to
make sure that everything everyone knows
how to deal with the challenge and how
to be the winner basically because I
it's you and the challenge you need to
VIN it so this Wednesday 15 of july at
one p.m. pacific time i'll be doing a
free online webinar right in the studio
anyone can join you don't need to be a
member in you need to pay for this is
completely free open for everyone to
join and I gonna talk and show you and
answer any questions that you may have
and show you how to do that are
different ways of shooting white thing
on a white background right from the
camera ok this is challenge is our
studio basics challenge meaning that
only members of studio basics can send
their photos for the review can enter
the officially enter this challenge
however anyone can join me on this free
webinar this Wednesday July fifteenth at
one p.m. pacific time the only thing
that you need to do to join i'm asking
one little thing if you not a premium
member
140g you need to share this post or post
where the webinar will be announced on
the day of the event that Wednesday okay
so if you share you can join already so
I hope to see you this Wednesday and
let's do this challenge links to
existing level lessons on 40g below this
video cool this is awesome challenge I'm
sure that will be really useful for any
photographer who are starting in you
know shooting in studio photographer to
shoot lots of things for catalog for
Julie photographers who trying to shoot
as much as possible inside the camera
without post-production are always very
little post production on a white
background ok cool let's do it